---
id: uxth-2019
date: '2019-02-23'
time: '9:00 ~ 17:30'
location:
  title: 'Bangkok, Thailand'
  url: 'https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bangkok/@13.7244416,100.3529157,10z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x311d6032280d61f3:0x10100b25de24820!8m2!3d13.7563309!4d100.5017651'
categories:
  - Conference
topics:
  - UX
links:
  - type: website
    url: https://uxth.co/
    title: UX Thailand Conference
  - type: ticket
    url: https://book.uxth.co/conf2019/register
    title: Buy Tickets
    price: early bird tickets are 2450 THB for conference, 8950 THB for workshop, or 9950 for both
  - type: rsvp
    url: 'https://web.facebook.com/events/702587046772235/'
    title: Facebook event
---
# UX Thailand Conference 2019 (2-day conference)

> A two-day conference in Central Bangkok for people who build world-class products. The UX Thailand Conference is made up of inspiring presentations, hands-on workshops and engaging discussions. Featuring speakers such as Jared Spool.

The UX Thailand Conference is a two-day conference made up of thought-provoking presentations, practical workshops and engaging panel discussions. Speakers include:

- Jared Spool,
Co-founder of Center Centre
- Melissa Perri,
CEO of Produx Labs
- John Cutler,
Product Development superstar
- Dana Chisnell,
Co-founder at Center for Civic Design
- Liam Hutchinson,
Experience Design Consultant at ThoughtWorks
- …and more to be announced

UX Thailand began as a series of monthly meet-ups, focused on empowering the local community to do great design. When we looked to push this further, The UX Thailand Conference was born.

A non-profit, meaning the organisers are all volunteers, we don’t get paid. The money that is made is invested in further empowering the local community. We’ll use the revenue to provide more regular events like our monthly meetup, training courses throughout the year and hope to build relationships across APAC.

With all of this, we hope for Thailand to become a globally recognised leader in design.

